#summary Advanced configuration for the Livelink connector
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Configure the connectorInstance.xml file =

This page describes the advanced configuration properties in connectorInstance.xml.
=== Default connectorInstance.xml file ===

The default configuration file looks like this:

{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE beans PUBLIC "-//SPRING//DTD BEAN//EN" "http://www.springframework.org/dtd/spring-beans-2.0.dtd">
<beans>
    <!-- EDIT THIS BEAN DEFINTION WITH CUSTOM PROPERTY VALUES -->
    <bean id="Livelink_Enterprise_Server"
          class="com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.LivelinkConnector"
          parent="Livelink_Enterprise_Server_Defaults" 
          dependency-check="all" scope="prototype">

        <!-- SET CUSTOM PROPERTY VALUES HERE -->

    </bean>

    <!-- EDIT THIS BEAN DEFINTION WITH CAUTION -->
    <bean id="authenticationManager"
          class="com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.LivelinkAuthenticationManager"
          scope="prototype"/>
</beans>
}}}

=== Editing the file ===

The default values of the properties can be modified by inserting
the modified value into the file below the following line:

{{{
        <!-- SET CUSTOM PROPERTY VALUES HERE -->
}}}

For example, to set the windowsDomain property to "example", you
would add the following XML `property` element to the file:

{{{
        <!-- SET CUSTOM PROPERTY VALUES HERE -->
        <property name="windowsDomain" value="example"/>
}}}

The changes will take effect when you restart Tomcat or edit and
save the connector configuration in the GSA Admin Console.

=== Configuration properties ===

The following table describes the configuration properties, the
equivalent Livelink properties, the possible values, and the
default value.

<table width="95%"  border="1" cellpadding="5">

<tr>
<th>Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>

<tr><th colspan="2">Connection Properties</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>connection</td>
<td>The database connection to use.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>connection</tt> parameter.</p>
<p>If the value is empty the default database connection, as
specified in the opentext.ini file, will be used.
<p><em>Default value:</em>
{{{
<property name="connection" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>windowsDomain</td>
<td>The Windows domain to authenticate users against.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>userName</tt> parameter.</p>
<p>The Windows domain is prepended to the username of search users
for authentication. This value is not used for the Livelink
system administrator or the traversal user. This parameter will
always be used, whether authentication is done via HTTP
tunneling or not.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="windowsDomain" value=""/>
}}}

<tr><th colspan="2">HTTP Tunneling Properties</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>verifyServer</td>
<td>Specifies whether to verify the Web server's certificate when
the Use HTTPS property is set to true.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>!VerifyServer</tt> attribute in <tt>config</tt> parameter.</p>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="verifyServer" value="false"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>caRootCerts</td>
<td>The root certificates to use when verifying the Web server's
certificate.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>CARootCerts</tt> attribute in <tt>config</tt> parameter.</p>
<p>This property is used only if HTTP tunneling is enabled
(through the livelinkCgi property), and the https and
verifyServer properties are both set to true. Each value in the
list may be either a Base64 encoded X.509 format certificate or a
path to a directory on the Connector Manager host which contains
one or more files containing such certificates.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="caRootCerts">
    <list></list>
</property>
}}}

<tr><th colspan="2">Separate Authentication Properties</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>authenticationConnection</td>
<td>The database connection to use.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>connection</tt> parameter.</p>
<p>If the value is empty the default database connection, as
specified in the opentext.ini file, will be used.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="authenticationConnection" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>authenticationVerifyServer</td>
<td>Specifies whether to verify the Web server's certificate when
the authenticationHttps property is set to true.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>!VerifyServer</tt> attribute in <tt>config</tt> parameter.</p>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="authenticationVerifyServer" value="false"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>authenticationCaRootCerts</td>
<td>The root certificates to use when verifying the Web server's
certificate.
<p><em>Livelink API:</em> <tt>CARootCerts</tt> attribute in <tt>config</tt> parameter.</p>
<p>This property is used only if HTTP tunneling is enabled
(through the authenticationLivelinkCgi property), and the
authenticationHttps and authenticationVerifyServer properties are
both set to true. Each value in the list may be either a Base64
encoded x.509 format certificate or a path to a directory on the
Connector Manager host which contains one or more files containing
such certificates.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="authenticationCaRootCerts">
    <list></list>
</property>
}}}

<tr><th colspan="2">Indexing Properties</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>startDate</td>
<td>The earliest modification date for items to be indexed.
<p>The repository is traversed in modification date order,
beginning with the earliest item. When a start date is specified,
the indexing begins with items modified on or after the start
date. Items with an earlier modification date will not be
indexed.
<p>Start dates may be specified as date/time values using the
format "YYYY-mm-dd hh:mm:ss" or as date values using the
format "YYYY-mm-dd". For example, valid startDate values
are "2007-01-01 01:30:00" or "2007-01-01".</p>
<p>If the value is empty or cannot be parsed, all items will be
indexed.</p>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="startDate" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>publicContentUsername</td>
<td>Indexed items that are accessible by this Livelink user are
marked as public documents. Public documents do not require
authentication or authorization.
<p>If the value specified for this property matches the traversal
username (whether explicitly specified, or implicitly, as the
system administrator), then all indexed content will be marked as
public without checking permissions.</p>
<p><b>Note: This property bypasses Livelink
security.</b> Items that are made public are shown in the search
results without authentication or authorization. The content of
these items is available through the "Cached" and "Text Version"
links. These items are not accessible within Livelink without
authentication unless you have a Livelink customization that makes
this possible.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="publicContentUsername" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>publicContentDisplayUrl</td>
<td>Specifies the Livelink URL which should be used in search
results which link to public documents.
<p>If the value is empty, the value of the displayUrl property will
be used.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="publicContentDisplayUrl" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>excludedNodeTypes</td>
<td>Specifies the node types that you want to exclude from
indexing. Excluding a node type means that no items of that type
are indexed.
<p>A comma-separated list of subtype numbers, optionally enclosed
by braces. This value may be copied from the
<tt>!ExcludedNodeTypes</tt> parameter in the
`[LivelinkExtractor]` section of the opentext.ini file.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="excludedNodeTypes"
          value="137,142,143,148,150,154,161,162,201,203,209,210,211"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>excludedVolumeTypes</td>
<td>Specifies the volume types that you want to exclude from
indexing. Excluding a volume type means that no volumes of that
type or any of the items that the volumes contain are indexed.
<p>This property is not hierarchical. Only items whose OwnerID
matches a volume of the excluded type will be excluded. Items in
non-excluded subvolumes will be indexed. To exclude entire
hierarchies, specify the items to be excluded by object ID rather
than type, using the excludedLocationNodes property.</p>
<p>By default, the Undelete workspace (subtype 402) is not
excluded. If the Undelete workspace is excluded, either here or by
object ID in excludedLocationNodes, then previously indexed
documents now in the Undelete workspace will be excluded by the
authorization checks.</p>
<p>A comma-separated list of volume type numbers, optionally
enclosed by braces. If this property is not specified, no volume
types are excluded from indexing. This value may be copied
from the <tt>!ExcludedVolumeTypes</tt> parameter in the
`[LivelinkExtractor]` section of the opentext.ini file.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="excludedVolumeTypes" value="148,161,162"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>excludedLocationNodes</td>
<td>Specifies the IDs of the nodes that you want to exclude from
indexing. Excluding a node means that it is not indexed, and
if it is a container, none of the items it contains are
indexed.
<p>Excluding nodes requires the use of the DTreeAncestors table in
Livelink, which in turn requires that the Livelink Recommender
agent be enabled. The latest monthly Livelink patches are
recommended.</p>
<p>A comma-separated list of object IDs, optionally enclosed by
braces.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="excludedLocationNodes" value=""/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>includedExtendedData</td>
<td>A map of the !ExtendedData attributes that are indexed and used
to construct the HTML content. Each subtype can have different
attributes indexed.
<p>The map contains keys that consist of comma-separated subtype
integers. The special string "default" is not supported. These are
mapped to a comma-separate list of attribute names, which should
appear in the !ExtendedData field of the given subtypes.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="includedExtendedData">
    <map>
        <entry key="130,134" value="Content" />
        <entry key="202" value="Mission,Goals,Objectives,Initiatives" />
        <entry key="206" value="Instructions,Comments" />
        <entry key="208" value="Headline,Story" />
        <entry key="218" value="Instruction,Questions" />
    </map>
</property>
}}}

<tr>
<td>includedObjectInfo</td>
<td>The object info attributes that you want to index.
<p>A comma-separated list of attribute names. For a list of
object info attributes, see "!ObjectInfo Attributes" in the
<em>Livelink API Developer's Reference Guide</em> from Open Text.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="includedObjectInfo" value="" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>includedVersionInfo</td>
<td>The version info attributes that you want to index.
<p>A comma-separated list of attribute names. For a list of
version info attributes, see "!VersionInfo Attributes" in the
<em>Livelink API Developer's Reference Guide</em> from Open Text.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="includedVersionInfo" value="" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>includedCategories</td>
<td>The IDs of the categories that you want to index. Including a
category means that when that category is applied to an item, the
attributes are indexed as metadata for that item.
<p>A comma-separated list of object IDs for categories, and/or one of
the following special strings:
<dl>
<dt><tt>all</tt>
<dd>All categories that are applied to the item are indexed.</dd>
<dt><tt>searchable</tt>
<dd>Only attributes that have the <b>Show in Search</b> parameter
enabled, from each of the categories that are applied to the item,
are indexed.  Otherwise, all attributes of the categories are indexed.</dd>
<dt><tt>name</tt>
<dd>The category name will be indexed as the value of a
"Category" property.</dd>
<dt><tt>none</tt>
<dd>No attributes from any of the categories that are applied to
the item are indexed. This value turns off the indexing of
categories.</dd>
<p>Specifying an empty string is the same as "all". 
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="includedCategories" value="all,searchable" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>excludedCategories</td>
<td>The IDs of the categories that you do not want to index.
Excluding a category means that when that category is applied to
an item, the attributes are <em>not</em> indexed as metadata
for that item.
<p>A comma-separated list of object IDs for categories, or one of
the following special strings:
<dl>
<dt><tt>all</tt>
<dd>All attributes from each of the categories that are applied to
the item are excluded. This value turns off the indexing of
categories.</dd>
<dt><tt>none</tt>
<dd>No attributes from any of the categories that are applied to
the item are excluded. </dd>
<p>Specifying an empty string is the same as "none".
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="excludedCategories" value="" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>showHiddenItems</td>
<td>Specifies whether hidden items, or their children, are shown
in the search results. This property is used for authorization,
and not for indexing.
<p>Excluding hidden items, by setting this property to false,
requires the use of the DTreeAncestors table in Livelink, which in
turn requires that the Livelink Recommender agent be enabled. The
latest monthly Livelink patches are recommended.</p>
<p>One of the following values:
<dl>
<dt><tt>{}</tt> or <tt>false</tt>
<dd>Do not index hidden items.
<dt><tt>{'ALL'}</tt> or <tt>true</tt>
<dd>Index all hidden items.</dd>
<p>This value may be copied from the <tt>!ShowHiddenItems</tt>
parameter in the `[Explorer]` section or in the
`[Atlas]` section of the opentext.ini file. 
<p>Subtype numbers in the list are silently accepted, but ignored.</p>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="showHiddenItems" value="true" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>trackDeletedItems</td>
<td>Specifies whether to track items that have been deleted from
the Livelink repository, so that those items may also be deleted
from the Google search index.
<p>For optimal performance tracking deleted items, the Livelink
system administrator should add a database index for the AuditID,
!AuditDate, and EventID columns of the DAuditNew table of the
Livelink backend database.</p>
<p>Deleting documents from a connector instance that only indexes
a small portion of the repository is inefficient. To reasonably
manage GSA licensing limits, you might consider disabling GSA
deletes for those instances, while leaving them enabled for a
connector instance that indexes the entire repository.
</p>
<p>One of the following values:
<dl>
<dt><tt>false</tt>
<dd>Do not track deleted items.
<dt><tt>true</tt>
<dd>Track deleted items, sending delete notifications to the
Google Search Appliance.</dd>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="trackDeletedItems" value="true" />
}}}

<tr>
<td>displayPatterns</td>
<td>A map of the relative display URLs used in search results.
Each subtype can have a different relative URL. This URL suffix is
combined with the value of the displayUrl property to form a
complete URL for each item in the search results.
<p>The map contains keys that consist of comma-separated subtype
integers, or the special string "default". These are mapped to a
<tt>java.text.!MessageFormat</tt> pattern. There are four
parameters that can be used in each pattern, delimited by braces:
<dl>
<dt> 0
<dd> The object ID.</dd>
<dt> 1
<dd> The volume ID.</dd>
<dt> 2 
<dd> The subtype.</dd>
<dt> 3
<dd> The display action, which varies by subtype and is configured
by the displayActions property.</dd>
<dt> 4
<dd> The filename with extension, based on the name of the item
and the version filename extension. Intended for use
with <tt>doc.Fetch</tt> URLs (see the example below).</dd>
<p>To fetch documents directly from the search results, instead of
linking to the Overview or Properties page, add one of the following
entries to the map:
{{{
<entry key="144" value="/open/{0}" />
}}}
or
{{{
<entry key="144" value="/{0}/{4}?func=doc.Fetch&amp;nodeid={0}&amp;viewType=1" />
}}}
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="displayPatterns">
    <map>
        <entry key="141" value="?func=llworkspace" />
        <entry key="142"
               value="?func=ll&amp;objtype=142&amp;objAction=browse" />
        <entry key="default"
               value="?func=ll&amp;objId={0}&amp;objAction={3}" />
    </map>
</property>
}}}


<tr>
<td>displayActions</td>
<td>A map of the display actions used in search results.
Each subtype can have a different action.
<p>The map contains keys that consist of comma-separated subtype
integers, or the special string "default". These are mapped to
Livelink action names, such as "browse" or "overview". If the map
contains an entry mapping "144" (documents) to "overview", and the
Livelink server is version 9.5 or earlier, the "properties"
action is used instead.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="displayActions">
    <map>
        <entry key="0,202,136" value="browse" />
        <entry key="130,134,215" value="view" />
        <entry key="144" value="overview" />
        <entry key="204" value="BrowseTaskList" />
        <entry key="206" value="BrowseTask" />
        <entry key="207" value="ViewChannel" />
        <entry key="208" value="ViewNews" />
        <entry key="218" value="OpenPoll" />
        <entry key="default" value="properties" />
    </map>
</property>
}}}

<tr><th colspan="2">Other Properties</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>tryLowercaseUsernames</td>
<td>A hack to try using a lowercase version of the supplied
username for authorizations. If <tt>true</tt>, the lowercase
form of the username will be tried first, and if authorization
fails, the original form of the username will be tried.
If <tt>false</tt>, only the original form of the username will
be tried.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="tryLowercaseUsernames" value="false"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>contentHandler</td>
<td>The name of the <tt>!ContentHandler</tt> implementation
class to use when retrieving document content for indexing.
<p>There are four <tt>!ContentHandler</tt> implementation in the
<tt>com.google.enterprise.connector.otex</tt> package:
<dl>
<dt><tt>!ByteArrayContentHandler</tt>
<dd> The fastest implementation, but not a very scalable one
because it maintains the entire content in a byte array.
<dt><tt>!FileContentHandler</tt>
<dd> Stores the content in a temporary file, but performs very
badly for files larger than 10 MB.
<dt><tt>HttpURLContentHandler</tt>
<dd> Retrieves the content directly from the Livelink server using
an <tt>HttpURLConnection</tt>. Performance is inexplicably
disappointing, in line with but consistently 1-1/2 to 3 times slower
than the others.
<dt><tt>!PipedContentHandler</tt>
<dd> Uses a pipe to match the in-memory performance
characteristics of the byte array handler without the scalability
issues. Combines consistently good performance with small memory
consumption. However, this implementation has a potential thread
deadlock problem seen in development (though not in production).</dd>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="contentHandler"
          value="com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.FileContentHandler"/>
}}}

<tr>
<td>servtype</td>
<td>The database server type.
<p>Valid values begin with "MSSQL" or "Oracle". Sybase is not
supported. This value may be copied from the <tt>servtype</tt>
parameter in the
`[dbconnection:`<em>connection_name</em>`]` section of
the opentext.ini file. If the value is empty the database type will
be determined automatically.
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<property name="servtype" value=""/>
}}}

<tr><th colspan="2">Other Beans</th></tr>

<tr>
<td>authenticationManager</td>
<td>The <tt>class</tt> attribute of the <tt>authenticationManager</tt>
bean specifies the <tt>!AuthenticationManager</tt> instance to use
when authenticating before providing access to content.
<p>Possible implementation classes are:
<dl>
<dt><tt>com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.!LivelinkAuthenticationManager</tt>
<dd>This implementation authenticates by using the
provided credentials to log in to Livelink.
<dt><tt>com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.!NoOpAuthenticationManager</tt>
<dd><b>Note: This value bypasses Livelink security.</b> 
This implementation authenticates all users. An
optional "sharedPassword" property may be
configured containing a password which must be
present in the credentials.
<dt><tt>com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.!LdapAuthenticationManager</tt>
<dd>This implementation uses the provided credentials
to authenticate against an LDAP server. Two
properties are required:</dd>
    <dl>
    <dt><tt>providerUrl</tt>
    <dd>The LDAP or LDAPS URL for the directory server.
    <dt><tt>securityPrincipalPattern</tt>
    <dd>The DN to use for authentication. A single
    <tt>java.text.!MessageFormat</tt>
    parameter should be supplied;
    the provided username will be substituted
    there. For example:
    <pre>uid={0},ou=people,dc=example,dc=com</pre></dd>
<p><em>Default Value:</em>
{{{
<bean id="authenticationManager"
      class="com.google.enterprise.connector.otex.LivelinkAuthenticationManager"
      scope="prototype"/>
}}}
